Your Majesty's condition is not very good.
How bad?
It is.
In recent days
When His Majesty calls, he doesn't know the time
Every day clamoring to see
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince and His Royal Highness the Fourth Prince
Therefore, as soon as His Highness the Crown Prince comes back
The old slave took the Crown Prince and the Fourth Prince
It's all called back
Father Emperor
Why doesn't my father ever come to see me?
Why do I always have to stay here?
There's nothing here.
It's not fun.
Third brother why father emperor
It's so different from us and big brother
I also want to be touched on the head
I want to eat candied haws too
If you want to eat, the third brother will buy it for you
What's there to be envious of?
Third brother, why don't you eat candied gourds?
What's so delicious about candied haws?
The thing I hate the most is candied haws.
It's not that good.
A little sour
But I see that the big brother eats well
Will the candied gourd given by Father Emperor taste better?
Remember at night
Don't get what you can't get
Don't ask for what you can't get
It won't be sad.
I'm actually feeling wronged to lose
Never got it
What to talk about losing
late at night
at night
It's all here.
Really dying